Mkdocs-based documentation website (#340)
smallrye/smallrye-mutiny-vertx-bindings: docs/index.md

# Overview

> [Eclipse Vert.x](https://vertx.io/) is a popular toolkit for writing reactive applications on the JVM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Eclipse Vert.x](https://vertx.io/) is the leading toolkit for writing reactive applications on the JVM.
```
